---
layout: post
title: Becoming
author: Michelle Obama
rating: 5/5
date: 2021-03-15 09:24:20 +0300
description: # Add post description (optional)
img: b.jpg # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: # Add figcaption (optional)
---
This book is a memoir by Michelle Obama about her life up until the Obamas left the White House. To be honest, I’ll be impressed if there is anyone who hasn't heard of it and doesn’t know what this book is about. She discusses the reality of growing up as a black woman in a city, country and industries that are primarily run by white men. There are also a lot of details about what goes into running a presidential campaign in the United States and what it is like to be the First Family. 

I liked this book so much that I didn’t want it to end. Even though it is not a fictional story, it felt like there was a plot with obstacles and climaxes along the story. As a Canadian girl, I enjoyed learning a little bit about the politics we hear so much about. I found myself eager to keep reading to hear what she had to say, even though I could probably google her name and get the information I wanted. It was funny because when she was explaining the process up until Barack’s election, I was almost rooting for them - even though I knew that he was victorious. 

This book contained a lot of hidden lessons in my opinion. First, it was very empowering, as a female, to read about the impact another female has had in this world. It gave me a mindset that anyone can become powerful in a number of ways, it all just begins with intention. Second, she showed me that if you want something, you can get it. Between school, work, relationships and family, Michelle Obama was vulnerable in sharing the doubts and struggles she faced in each of those fields. As someone who is in a very transitional period in life, it felt peaceful to get insight from someone who has gone through more than your average person. Finally, this book drilled in the very common lesson, “you don’t know what’s going on in someone else’s life so don’t be so quick to judge.” The Obama family threw themselves into the spotlight as a visible minority and publicly received harsh judgements just for being who they are. There are currently only 46 families who know the pressures that go along with being the First Family in the United States, it blows my mind that your below average Joe has ever felt the desire to bully them for acting as a representative of an entire nation. 

If you’re an American and haven’t read this, read it. If you are a woman and haven’t read this, read it. If you are interested in American politics at all and haven’t read this, read it. If you like reading and haven’t read this, read it. All jokes aside, this memoir is powerful and interesting and I suggest that anyone who can, should read this story!

My rating: 5/5
